Deprecate old contributing documentation / information (#14885)
bevyengine/bevy: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Bevy

> Hey, we've moved our information on contributing to Bevy's website [here](https://bevyengine.org/learn/contribute/introduction). Go give it a read, and good luck towards contributing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hey, we've moved our information on contributing to Bevy's website [here](https://bevyengine.org/learn/contribute/introduction). Go give it a read, and thanks for contributing!
```
